README.md, before:

# Decipher RPG System
[DEMO](https://robertpage.github.io/decipher-rpg-system/)


## System for fun language based spell exploration pen and paper RPG's
Site generates PDF with:
- Simple story idea into
- GM rules
- A randomized language translator for the GM (Different every time you load the page)
- A randomized language player sheet (Different every time you load the page)


Players get a peice of paper with 50 randomly generated words. In the game players can say two words from their character sheet and the GM can tell them what happens and how it effects the world around them by using the GM translation page. Each spell's effects should dicipate when the player says a new spell or after a couple of minutes. Every time someone uses a word check one of the boxes next to that word on your translation page. When the last box is checked for that that word, it disappears for all players and their characters are unable to recall it. This is accomplished in real life by having players cross the exhausted word off of every character sheet. As players guess words they will progress through your story and slowly translate the words based on what happens within the world. Spell effects are more powerful when said with more feeling by the player.


## Simple example
- GM: You come to a revine. There is a small stream at the bottom. It is too treacherous to climb down. It's roughly 20 feet to the bottom.
- Player: I focus on the ravine and say "Tellue sem-a" (These are 2 words from their player sheet. The player is unaware that they just said the words "ice" and "fall")
- GM: Ice begins to rain down into the ravine. After a couple of minutes it stops. You have created a signifigant pile. Maybe 10 feet high (The GM marks that the player has used these 2 words once. The player can use each of them only 3 more times).
- Player: I focus on the ravine and say "Tellue sem-a" (Said with Gusto).
- GM: You have created a pile of ice tall enough that you can jump to it and then to the other side of the ravine (The GM marks that the player has used these 2 words a second time).


## To Run localy
npm install
npm run dev
Navigate your browser to localhost:8000

Commit message:

Added example to demo page and cleaned up some text

README.md, after:

# Decipher RPG System
[DEMO](https://robertpage.github.io/decipher-rpg-system/)


## System for fun language based spell exploration pen and paper RPG's
Site generates PDF with:
- Simple story idea intro
- GM rules
- A randomized language translator for the GM (Different every time you load the page)
- A randomized language player sheet (Different every time you load the page)


Players get a peice of paper with 50 randomly generated words. In the game players can say two words from their character sheet and the GM can tell them what happens and how it effects the world around them by using the GM translation page. Each spell's effects should dicipate when the player says a new spell or after a couple of minutes. Every time someone uses a word check one of the boxes next to that word on your translation page. When the last box is checked for that that word, it disappears for all players and their characters are unable to recall it. This is accomplished in real life by having players cross the exhausted word off of every character sheet. As players guess words they will progress through your story and slowly translate the words based on what happens within the world. Spell effects are more powerful when said with more feeling by the player.


## Simple example
- GM: You come to a revine. There is a small stream at the bottom. It is too treacherous to climb down. It's roughly 20 feet to the bottom.
- Player: I focus on the ravine and say "Tellue sem-a" (These are 2 words from their player sheet. The player is unaware that they just said the words "ice" and "fall")
- GM: Ice begins to rain down into the ravine. After a couple of minutes it stops. You have created a signifigant pile. Maybe 15 feet high (The GM marks that the player has used these 2 words once. The player can use each of them only 3 more times).
- Player: I focus on the ravine and say "Tellue sem-a" (Said with great gusto!).
- GM: The first pile of ice immediatly evaporates. A new pile fall in its place. You have created a pile of ice tall enough that you can jump to it and then to the other side of the ravine (The GM marks that the player has used these 2 words a second time).


In this example the player has clearly figured out that one of the words is ice and the other has somthing to do with falling. As the game progresses players will decipher more words and become more adept at solving puzzles, defeating foes, etc.


## To Run localy
npm install
npm run dev
Navigate your browser to localhost:8000
